all right this is the Asus Zenfone 10.
honestly if you task me with making my
own phone and I didn't have to care at
all about how well it sells but I'd
actually want to use it
I think this is what I would make
[Music]
okay so y'all remember the Zenfone 9
from last year right it won my best
small phone of the Year award easily and
almost won my MVP for the whole year
with so much going for it the smallest
size the latest chip outstanding battery
life a plus performance Rock Solid
cameras and fluid and clean software and
a headphone jack I mean all of it was
wrapped up in a 700 package in the US I
mean they just do not make phones like
this anymore so now we've got the
Zenfone 10 here and I think this one is
nearly perfect first of all they kept
basically all the great stuff actually
yeah all of the great stuff from the
last phone all the fundamentals that
made it so good it's the latest chip
again it's the Snapdragon 8 gen 2. it's
still awesome performance still
world-class battery life yes it still
has a headphone jack but they've also
directly improved upon the three minor
nitpicks that I actually did have with
last year's phone the first nitpick was
that phone didn't have wireless charging
a lot of people said oh this would have
been a great phone but it doesn't have
wireless charging now we've got it that
was basically the only missing spec
Zenfone 10 now has the same size battery
and I'm happy to report that the
Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 and software combo is
still giving world-class battery life
I'm literally getting seven eight plus
hours of screen on time every single day
and I basically never kill it in under
24 hours so now it's wired charging at
30 Watts with the charger included in
the box and now 15 watt wireless
charging so there's basically no
weakness here happy to see it the second
nitpick I had was actually the finish on
the back so I still have my original
Zenfone 9 here same color but I don't
know if you remember I use this for
about a month during my review period
and it got absolutely chewed up it's
darker all the way around the outside
around the corners mostly from wearing
black pants you know the material wore
off and stained the soft touch of the
back of the Zenfone 9 was very easily
worn down very quickly and I understand
most people just immediately put a case
on their new phone so I'm not can ignore
that but I also think if you're going to
make a phone with like a nice soft touch
finish you want to be able to touch it
you should it would be nice if you could
use it like normal and not have this
insanely accelerated aging so Asus told
me there's a slightly different material
on the back of this Zenfone 10. it feels
a little bit a little bit more coarse if
anything but it's still got this soft
touch finish it's still got this
slightly gritty texture and from the
looks of it so far it's more durable and
you can also see there's a new Asus logo
down here in the corner and some
slightly cleaned up text on the back of
the phone but I still think it looks
nice and there's a bunch of color
options now I've been showing you the
eclipse red which is the one I've been
using but there's also a blue there's a
green a black and a comet white that's
the only one I'm nervous about that
might not hold up as well but still if
I'm judging just by the way this red has
gone it's more durable than last year
which is awesome it still rolls over
into those flat matte black metal sides
and a little cutouts for the headphone
jack and the power buttons fingerprint
reader this is really nicely built
assuming it continues to hold up the way
it has this is also fixed so then the
last little nitpick was that these
aren't Flagship cameras
truly a nitpick because this isn't a
flagship price phone and honestly these
are very good cameras Asus has done a
great job with their software tuning for
years and their cameras now but they
have updated the cameras in the Zenfone
10. it's still a 50 megapixel primary
camera with a great contrasty software
processing and a lot of dynamic range
but now there's an even more improved
hybrid gimbal stabilization system it's
part of the reason why the rings on the
back of this phone are so big there's a
huge six axis stabilization system
taking the handshake out of still shots
and also delivering some of the most
impressive Shake resistant video I have
ever seen so even without making the
sensor bigger or higher resolution you
end up with sharper handheld exposures
and sharper low light shots because the
whole camera system is better at
canceling out hand movement and also
since there is no telephoto camera they
did work on software Zoom improvements
the difference isn't really dramatic and
it's still not as good as having a
dedicated Zoom but it's better than
nothing once you get past about four or
five x all that packaged up into a
slightly more subtle looking pair of
black rings on the back of this phone
I'd consider that another win if I could
still nitpick about cameras I would
actually nitpick a little bit about the
front facing camera it's still got this
little silver ring in the corner kind of
reminds me of the Samsung a54 and it
just makes it stick out a little bit
instead of being a seamless cut out like
some other phones it's not a disaster
but it's there so it's not perfect
there's also technically some other
little stuff that they did as well uh
you might have seen it's 144hz display
now they can say that on the spec sheet
but it's only 144 Hertz while gaming in
certain games but really it still spends
most of its time at 120 hertz and it's
super smooth and it's ltpo which is
great but as you can see they're
technically allowed to say it's 144
Hertz capable now and they also added a
little extra capability for the smart
key on the side the power button can now
do quintuple Duty it's a power button
it's a fingerprint reader you can double
tap to open the camera you can long
press for whatever you want I do Google
assistant and you can swipe up and down
for that notification slider and just in
general Asus software is still still so
good it's clean it's nearly stock
Android and they just got you know a few
extra optimizations and extra features
in there that they've added that are
generally very useful things like
battery health features and the the
little Edge tool shortcut they've got
going on I wish you could open apps this
is another little nitpick I wish you
could open apps full screen from The
Edge tool but that only lets you open
apps windowed on an already small phone
but maybe the most unique thing I've
seen that really feels like something
like I would do if I was making an
Enthusiast film that most people
wouldn't care about but still really
cool is the ability to customize the
software experience way more
specifically so when you first unbox and
set up the phone you can actually go
through the menus and choose which parts
of the phone you want to be like stock
Android and which parts you want to be
Asus customized from things like the
launcher to the Quick Settings I've
never seen this in any any other phone
setup only Asus does it I love it and
they wrap up all these improvements and
little nitpick fixes in a phone that is
the same price as last year again who
does that uh the price was kind of
confusing I think a little bit to some
people but basically it's still the same
price as last year 6.99 in the US but
then the Europe pricing includes taxes
and import fees so it ended up at 7.99
Euro
either way literally still a great deal
so my final nitpick my really my last
thing that I would like to see improved
with these Zen phones that would really
put it over the edge and nearly a
perfect phone is software support So
Asus right now promises basically two
years of software updates for the
Zenfone which is okay but it's this is
not the full life cycle of a phone like
this you'd ideally have it for three or
four years and having it fully supported
for those three to four years would be
really nice but other than that
well done Asus clearly there is no
perfect phone but this one is pretty
close
thanks for watching
catch you guys in the next one peace